# April 26th, 2024 4:37 AM

It's 4 am on a thursday - I've taken this week off of work just to ... chill, I guess? LAHacks was last weekend and I think that, in conjunction to looking at Delphi - some startup that reached out to me on Linked twice (somehow their co-founder and a recruiter both messaged me without knowing that the other already did??) got me thinking about doing this project. So hear me out: I'm gonna make a clone of myself.

There was one project at LAHacks that I think is one of the stronger sources of motivation here and it's AdaptED. Jasmine, one of my close friends, was one of the members on the team so I'm a little biased but I thought the idea was pretty neat. Essentially, it's a chat model that learns from textbooks, etc. when given a prompt and will do all the research for you, create a guided video tutorial, and then answer any questions you might have on the subject. All in all, it's a form of learning in this new age of AI.

Because I have a ginormous ego and the first thought that came to my mind was that the world needs more of me, I wanted to essentially turn my learning platform: learn.ryqn.dev from a static tutorial site into an interactive learning experience that's shown through the voice of me as well as the way I explain things.

I did some scoping into the initial viability of this project and immediately realized that the hardest part about this is getting the data for it. That's why I'm writing out this section (and plan to for the forseeable future, until I get lazy) as well as coming up with a huge prompt document later.

Anyways, I originally wanted to put on some sort of science-y tech-y movie on while I'm writing this but ended up putting up The Big Short. Actually, on second thought, maybe I should switch it to the Martian or something.

Update: I just googled "tech movies inspiring" and Steve Jobs came up. The 2015 one, not the other movie "Jobs". did a quick google search on which movie was better and Reddit says "2015 Steve Jobs is better than 2013 Jobs" so I just bought it on Amazon Prime for 14 buckeroos. Why did they make two movies within a two year time frame??

Ok so the rundown of how I plan on tackling this is just running a base version of a chatbot model on hugging face - in Python first. I've played around with transformers.js and since I don't want to pay for server hosting (and ESPECIALLY since this is going to be a ML model meaning GPU's... yeesh I don't wanna think about it)

I've also considered potentially just using the ChatGPT API to finetune my own model but I figured it'd be better to try doing everything by hand to get a better understanding of it and also so I could either host it myself or host it client side - in which users will need to download a multiple megabyte file of tensors... welp
